README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Abhishek Singh</h1>
<p align="center">
DevOps Enthusiast | MERN Stack Developer | MCA Student
</p>

---

## About Me

I am focused on building strong foundations in DevOps while leveraging my background in full-stack development.  
I believe in understanding both applications and infrastructure to build reliable and automated systems.

Currently improving my skills through consistent hands-on practice and real-world projects.

---

## Current Focus

- Completing the 90 Days of DevOps challenge
- Strengthening Linux and system fundamentals
- Writing automation scripts using Shell and Python
- Working with Docker for containerization
- Improving backend architecture using the MERN stack

---

## Tech Stack

### Development

<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react,nodejs,express,mongodb,mysql,js,html,css" />
</p>

### DevOps & Tools

<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linux,git,github,docker,python,bash" />
</p>

---

## Featured Projects

- 90 Days of DevOps — Structured daily DevOps practice
- MERN Stack Projects — Full-stack application development
- Shell Scripts — Practical automation scripts
- DevOps Notes — Organized learning references and command guides

---

## Career Objective

To grow into a DevOps Engineer capable of designing scalable, automated, and production-ready systems.

---

## Contact

Email: abhisheksingh252819@gmail.com  
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhishek-singh-b29418332

Commit message:

Update LinkedIn profile link in README

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Abhishek Singh</h1>
<p align="center">
DevOps Enthusiast | MERN Stack Developer | MCA Student
</p>

---

## About Me

I am focused on building strong foundations in DevOps while leveraging my background in full-stack development.  
I believe in understanding both applications and infrastructure to build reliable and automated systems.

Currently improving my skills through consistent hands-on practice and real-world projects.

---

## Current Focus

- Completing the 90 Days of DevOps challenge
- Strengthening Linux and system fundamentals
- Writing automation scripts using Shell and Python
- Working with Docker for containerization
- Improving backend architecture using the MERN stack

---

## Tech Stack

### Development

<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react,nodejs,express,mongodb,mysql,js,html,css" />
</p>

### DevOps & Tools

<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linux,git,github,docker,python,bash" />
</p>

---

## Featured Projects

- 90 Days of DevOps — Structured daily DevOps practice
- MERN Stack Projects — Full-stack application development
- Shell Scripts — Practical automation scripts
- DevOps Notes — Organized learning references and command guides

---

## Career Objective

To grow into a DevOps Engineer capable of designing scalable, automated, and production-ready systems.

---

## Contact

Email: abhisheksingh252819@gmail.com  
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/abhisheksingh-devops
